Create upgrade-to-v6.md (#1749)
microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-java: docs/upgrade-to-v6.md

# Microsoft Graph Java SDK v6 Changelog and Upgrade Guide 

This document provides a list of changes and upgrade considerations for the Microsoft Graph Java SDK v6 release.

## Overview 

> Version 6.0.0 of the Microsoft Graph Java SDK is based on the new [Kiota](https://github.com/microsoft/kiota) code generation tool. By using Kiota the SDK is now able to support a broader range of Microsoft Graph API enpoints while also being more intuitive. Furthermore, [Graph-Core](https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-sdk-java-core) has also been updated to v3 which provides a great amount of added functionality; this makes v6 of the SDK a significant upgrade from v5.

Reviewer: A table of content might help here.

                            .get();
List<User> usersList = response.getCurrentPage();                        
```
In v6 the same call would look like the following:
```java
UserCollectionResponse response = graphClient.users().get();
List<User> usersList = response.getValue();
```

### Change in Indexing via Improved Fluent API Pattern 

The fluent API pattern has changed slightly in v6. Previously the fluent API pattern would index into a collection through an overload method call in the request builder pattern. In v6 we have added the `byId` suffix to make it obvious when a user is indexing into a collection.
For example, retrieving a message by id would look like the following in v5:
```java
Message singleMessage = graphClient.me().messages("<Message Id>").buildRequest().get();
``` 
In v6 the same call would look like the following:
```java
Message singleMessage = graphClient.me().messages().byMessageId("<Message Id>").get();
```

### Option Class Removal

The `Option` class has been removed and is no longer used to define query parameters, headers, or function parameters. These classes have been replaced with more specific and intuitive implementations. 

> ### Headers 

Reviewer 2: Maybe the `Headers` and the `Query Parameter` sections be subsections under `Option Class Removal`?

                .withMessage(new Message())
                .withSaveToSentItems(true)
                .build();
graphClient.me().sendMail(userSendMailParameterSet).buildRequest().post();
```
In v6 the same call would look like the following:
```java
SendMailPostRequestBody sendMailPostRequestBody = new SendMailPostRequestBody();
sendMailPostRequestBody.setMessage(new Message());
sendMailPostRequestBody.setSaveToSentItems(true);
graphClient.me().sendMail().post(sendMailPostRequestBody);
```

### Error Handling 

`GraphServiceException` has been removed and is no longer used to handle errors. Instead, the SDK now throws an `ApiException` when an issue occurs with a request. The message of the `ApiException` will contain a more specific error message based on the OdataError returned from the API. `ClientException` remains, however, this is now used to handle less frequent issues with the client itself.
In v6 a user would handle an error as follows:
```java
try {
    User user = graphClient.me().get();
} catch (ApiException e) {
    System.out.println(e.getMessage());
}
```

### Drive Item Paths

> The current CSDL to OpenAPI conversion process avoids generation of redundant paths, which impacts request builders for driveItems. To mitigate this paths should be available through alternative paths as documented in the reference documentation as seen [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/driveitem-list-children?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http#http-request). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK generation process avoids generation of redundant paths, which impacts request builders for driveItems. To mitigate this paths should be available through alternative paths as documented in the reference documentation as seen [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/driveitem-list-children?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http#http-request). 
```

(I believe most people reading this won't have an understanding of our complex pipeline)

// See note above for using 'root' as the 'Item Id'
```

3. List children from a group's drive.
```java 
// Get the group's drive
Drive groupDrive = graphClient.groups().byGroupId("Group Id").drive().get();
String groupDriveId = groupDrive.getId();
// List children of a DriveItem in the group's drive
DriveItemCollectionResponse response = graphClient.drives().byDriveId(groupDriveId).items().byDriveItemId("Item Id").children().get();
// See note above for using 'root' as the 'Item Id'
```

#### Upload a Small File with conflictBehavior Set

To upload a small file (size should not exceed 4mb according to the [docs](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/driveitem-put-content?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http)) and set the `conflictBehavior` [instance attribute](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/resources/driveitem?view=graph-rest-1.0#instance-attributes) you'll need to do it this way:

```java
RequestInformation requestInformation = graphClient.drives().byDriveId("Drive-Id").items().byDriveItemId("root:/MediaMeta.xml").content().toPutRequestInformation(file);
// 'file' should be an inputStream

> URI uriIncludesConflictBehavior = new URI(requestInformation.getUri().toString()+"?@microsoft.graph.conflictBehavior=rename");

Reviewer: can you create an issue in the metadata repo if one doesn't exist already so we add an additional annotation where this is supported and this query parameter is emitted please?

Author: The conflictBehavior option is referred to as an 'InstanceAttribute' and not an QueryParameter in the documentation, this could be why it is not emitted as a query parameter. Would this set the precedent that these instance attributes should be treated as QueryParams and thus belong in the query parameter options list? Would this be across the languages? And would this be more of a decision for Kiota or only for our graph repo?

Reviewer: Kiota doesn't know anything about OData conventions.
This would be for openapi.net.odata and for the metadata repos (I suggest we start in the metadata repo so we can identify the right annotation).
I'm not aware of a way to document instance annotations in CSDL today but it might be worth exploring.
As for the query parameter itself, we already have a way to document those through annotations.
Start a discussion there, we'll eventually figure it out

Reviewer 2: Ramses has created the issue at https://github.com/microsoftgraph/msgraph-metadata/issues/560

```java
NativeResponseHandler nativeResponseHandler = new NativeResponseHandler();
ResponseHandlerOption responseHandlerOption = new ResponseHandlerOption();
responseHandlerOption.setResponseHandler(nativeResponseHandler);
graphClient.me().get(requestConfiguration -> {
    requestConfiguration.options.add(responseHandlerOption);
});
Response nativeResponse = (Response) nativeResponseHandler.getValue();
```
Users can also fully customize response handling 

### Support for OData Casts

OData allows downcasting the result to the right specialized type, meaning that users can have access to all properties in the response, rather than pulling those out from the AdditionalData holder. The fluent API pattern now comes with enriched segments allowing users to request a specific Odata type in the event that an endpoint supports multiple types. 

For example:
```java
// Get the collection of Users in a group
// API Endpoint: /groups/{id}/members/microsoft.graph.user
UserCollectionResponse users = graphClient.groups().byGroupId("Group-Id").members().graphUser().get();
// Get the collection of Applications in a group
// API Endpoint: /groups/{id}/members/microsoft.graph.application

> ApplicationCollectionResponse applications = graphClient.groups().byGroupId("Group-Id").members().graphApplication().get();

Reviewer: the raw count is missing

Author: Do you mean: 
graphClient.groups().byGroupId("").members().get()?

Reviewer: no I meant the new endpoints we support like `graphClient.groups().count()`. This SDK didn't use to support it.

Author: The SDK as of v5 has supported count requests. 
```graphClient.groups().count().buildRequest();``` this is a valid request in v5

Author: I think the surface area of where .count() is supported has expanded, but I dont believe .count() is a new new feature. I can add a note to explain that the support has increased which I agree is important. Where do you think would be a good place to add the note or even section?

Reviewer: Really? I thought we didn't have them for dotnet/java with typewriter. Ok disregard this comment then
